	Who has played the part of James Bond in Spectre? 
	Which were the characters from Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides?
	In average, what's the best rated movie? 
	Which actors participated in Training Day along side Denzel Washington? 
	What was the least profitable movie ever? 
	In which year was Some Like It Hot produced? 
	In which countries was Transformers shot? 
	Which are The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug characters? 
	How many companies produced Quantum of Solace? 
	Movie that made the least profit? 
	Which are the actors with the main role in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug? 
	Who are the actors playing in The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug?
	On the movie Quantum of Solace, how many idioms can be heard? 
	In how many movies did Michael Fassbender play a part in? 
	Meryl Streep has participated in how many movies? 
	What is the most recent movie to be released? 
	Tell me what's the movie with the lowest rating. 
	King Kong was shot in how many countries? 
	How many actors played a role in Avatar? 
	In which movies did Scarlett Johansson take part in? 
	In total, how many characters are there in Spectre? 
	Tell me how many movies were directed by Christopher Nolan. 
	In which movies did Angelina Jolie enter? 
	How many languages can be heard in The Tourist? 
	What are the names of the main characters from The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug
	What was the rating given to the movie Capote? 
	Mr. T entered which movies? 
	Who acted with Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman? 
	San Andreas was released in what month? 
	Who starred in Batman Begins? 
	Who voiced Papa Smurf in the movie The Smurfs? 
	What is the best rated movie? 
	Release date of Inside Out? 
	In what movies did George Clooney take part as director? 
	Tell me what is the latest movie to be released. 
	What are the most relevant words of Casino Royale? 
	Which are the most relevant actors in Great Gatsby? 
	What was Steven Spielberg's first movie? 
	Who was Inception's director? 
	How many movies were directed by Mel Gibson? 
	Which are the most important actors from Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides?
	Which movie had the worst vote average? 
	Tell me the genres of Avatar. 
	The movie Grease belongs to which genres? 
	Which are the most important guys acting in Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides? 
	What was the first movie to be released? 
	Who was the director of Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides?
	Number of actors in Iron Man 2? 
	Show me the character count of Titanic. 
	Which are the most important actors from Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides? 
	How many characters entered the movie Cloud Atlas? 
	Which are the most relevant actors from The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug? 
	What are the languages that are spoken in Ocean's Eleven? 
	Morgan Freeman participated in how many movies during his career? 
	What is the release date of The Imitation Game? 
	What was the box office made by Terminator Genisys? 
	In what movies does Johnny Depp appear? 
	What characters can be seen in Iron Man? 
	The movie Fight Club was produced by how many companies? 
	Where was The Ninth Gate shot? 
	What are the most relevant actors in Bad Boys? 
	How long does San Andreas last? 
	What actor played Frodo in The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring? 
	What characters can there in the movie The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug? 
	What are the keywords for the movie Warcraft? 
	Which movie was most recently released? 
	What characters entered in Ben-Hur? 
	Which tongues can be heard in The Italian Job? 
	What were the parts played in the movie Joan of Arc? 
	Which companies produced Jurassic Park? 
	Which movie has the longest run-time? 
	What was the first movie in which Tom Hanks starred in? 
	Which movie made the most revenue? 
	The debut of The Matrix occured in what month? 
	Which characters were there on Goldfinger? 
